no so it's fine and this is how to
fillet the red sandy organ fillet of
fish base I should know like this you
cut halfway down to you dependable bone
and then okay slice above the spine
splicing please get to like the middle
and then you're going to push all the
way through the fish to the other side
that you pull oops to have already okay
and then you just keep slicing slicing
longest the bone so that you don't lose
too much meat
it's a female because obviously there's
eggs so this is one side of the fillet
hit down the water flip it over same
thing cut on the side like that and then
cut along the spine again does he see if
there's the I just keep cutting in the
middle so I get to the pasta spin and
down to the bone in the middle you can
kind of feel it with the tip of your
knife and then I push all the way
through to the other side and slice it
down beautiful
please go into peeche there's the famous
Addison right there she started a hurry
hi you're that crap crap like crap what
about satisfied speech how do what is
this fish oh very very nice boy very
nice conservation of me still let's get
a close up with those eggs there is you
can use for bait some people like to
keep them and eat them caviar caviar
yeah just like to actually keep them
another fish yeah do it oh okay you're
walking home you are so walking home
that was disgusting oh excuse me while I
fear I know yucky yup yep I got it on
video